MDN Feature Pages for SVGAnimatedAngle: animVal and baseVal (#37068)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/svganimatedangle/baseval/index.md

This property reflects the `<angle>` value of the {{SVGattr("orient")}} attribute of the SVG {{SVGElement("marker")}} element, which is the same as the {{domxref("SVGMarkerElement.orientAngle")}} property.

## Value

An {{domxref("SVGAngle")}} object representing the base value of the [`<angle>`](/en-US/docs/Web/SVG/Content_type#angle) content type.

- The value is unaffected by animations, representing the initial state of the angle.
- The unit type of the angle can be retrieved from {{domxref("SVGAngle.unitType")}}.

## Examples

```js
const marker = document.querySelector("[orient]");

// Set the orient attribute with an angle
marker.setAttribute("orient", "90");
const baseAngle = marker.orientAngle.baseVal; // an SVGAngle object

console.log(baseAngle.value); // Output: 90
console.log(baseAngle.unitType); // Output: 1 (constant for SVG_ANGLETYPE_UNSPECIFIED)
```

## Specifications

{{Specifications}}

## Browser compatibility

{{Compat}}

## See also

- {{domxref("SVGAnimatedAngle.animVal")}}

> - {{domxref("SVGAngle")}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- {{domxref("SVGAngle")}} and [angle `value` constants](/en-US/docs/Web/API/SVGAngle#constants)
```

---
title: "SVGAnimatedAngle: baseVal property"
short-title: baseVal
slug: Web/API/SVGAnimatedAngle/baseVal
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.SVGAnimatedAngle.baseVal
---

{{APIRef("SVG")}}

The **`SVGAnimatedAngle.baseVal`** read-only property of the {{domxref("SVGAnimatedAngle")}} interface represents the base (non-animated) value of the associated `<angle>` attribute on an SVG element.

This property is used to retrieve the static value of the `<angle>` attribute, unaffected by any ongoing animations.

## Value

An {{domxref("SVGAngle")}} object representing the base value of the `<angle>` attribute.

- The value is unaffected by animations, representing the initial state of the angle.
- The unit type of the angle can be retrieved from {{domxref("SVGAngle.unitType")}}.

## Examples

```js
// Create an SVG marker element
const svg = document.createElementNS("http://www.w3.org/2000/svg", "svg");
const marker = document.createElementNS("http://www.w3.org/2000/svg", "marker");
svg.appendChild(marker);
document.body.appendChild(svg);

// Set the orient attribute with an angle
marker.setAttribute("orient", "90");

> const baseAngle = marker.orientAngle.baseVal;
> 
> console.log(baseAngle.value); // Outputs 90
> console.log(baseAngle.unitType); // Outputs the unit type (e.g., SVG_ANGLETYPE_DEG)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const baseAngle = marker.orientAngle.baseVal; // an SVGAngle object

console.log(baseAngle.value); // Output: 90
console.log(baseAngle.unitType); // Output: 1 (constant for SVG_ANGLETYPE_UNSPECIFIED)
```

Reviewer: same feedback for animVal
